Release notes for Istio 1.4.10 (#7551)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.4.x/announcing-1.4.10/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.4.10
linktitle: 1.4.10
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.4.10 security release.
publishdate: 2020-06-18
release: 1.4.10
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.4.10

> test: n/a

Reviewer: I don't think the test: tag is needed under en/news. Probably doesn't hurt. @frankbu Will we ever have tests outside of docs?

Author: This came from the announcement for 1.5.5, but I changed the version numbers.

Reviewer: OK. I noticed Francois had it as well. I'll ask in today's WG call about where this should be used.

---

This is the final release for Istio 1.4.

This release fixes the security vulnerability described in [our June 11th, 2020 news post](/news/security/istio-security-2020-006)
as well as bug fixes to improve robustness.

This release note describes what's different between Istio 1.4.9 and Istio 1.4.10.

{{< relnote >}}

## Security update

- **ISTIO-SECURITY-2020-006** Excessive CPU usage when processing HTTP/2 SETTINGS frames with too many parameters, potentially leading to a denial of service.

__[CVE-2020-11080](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-11080)__: By sending a specially crafted packet, an attacker could cause the CPU to spike at 100%. This could be sent to the ingress gateway or a sidecar.

## Bug fixes

> - **Fixed** `istio-cni-node` crash when `COS_CONTAINERD` and Istio CNI are enabled when running on Google Kubernetes Engine ([Issue 23643](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/23643]))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** `istio-cni-node` crash when `COS_CONTAINERD` and Istio CNI are enabled when running on Google Kubernetes Engine ([Issue 23643](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/23643))
```

> - **Fixed** Istio CNI causing pod initialization to experience a 30-40 second delay on startup when DNS unreachable ([Issue 23770](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/23770))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** Istio CNI causes pod initialization to experience a 30-40 second delay on startup when DNS is unreachable ([Issue 23770](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/23770))
```
